# SNHU-CS-230


I was tasked by a client called The Gaming Room, who specializes in online web-based games, to help them design a version of their game, "Draw it or Lose it", that could work on multiple platforms. These platforms include web-browsers on traditional operating systems, IOS, and Android. This task involved showing the client a code base in which they could further work on/implement their own ideas. It also involved a software design template that shows my recommendations for servers as well as operating systems, among other things. The design template I am particularly proud of, as I think I conveyed my messages and thoughts clearly and concisely, something I do lack to show in my code at times. Working on the design document did help me organize my thoughts on where and how I should manage my code, which is due to the nature of OOP. To be frank, I still do not know enough about certain recommendations on this project, and, if given the chance, would like to revise on what to get when I have proper experience with most of the tools I have recommended. Lastly, the document helped state the needs of the client, the things they were looking for the most. And while I couldn't give them exactly what they wanted, I did give a working base, that they could then expand upon. After all, not considering the client's needs would put both you and the client at a standstill. How I approached the project was to look at one small object, and see what piece it would fit in, what group it would be in, what would make use of it, and keep on adding new objects to the pile where I get a proper hierarchy of things to work on. From there, it's just the coding that needs to be worked on. The time it takes for the whole hierarchy to take shape, is a lot to be desired however, and it is something I'd like to improve upon.
